Coronavirus (COVID-19) is highly infectious agent that causes fatal respiratory illnesses, which is of great global public health concern. Currently, there is no effective vaccine for tackling this COVID19 pandemic where disease countermeasures rely upon preventing or slowing person-to-person transmission. Specifically, there is increasing efforts to prevent or reduce transmission to front-line healthcare workers (HCW). However, there is growing international concern regarding the shortage in supply chain of critical one-time-use personal and protective equipment (PPE). PPE are heat sensitive and are not, by their manufacturer's design, intended for reprocessing. Most conventional sterilization technologies used in hospitals, or in terminal medical device sterilization providers, cannot effectively reprocess PPE due to the nature and severity of sterilization modalities. Contingency planning for PPE stock shortage is important. Solutions in the Republic of Ireland include use of smart communication channels to improve supply chain, bespoke production of PPE to meets gaps, along with least preferred option, use of sterilization or high-level disinfection for PPE reprocessing. Reprocessing PPE must consider material composition, functionality post treatment, along with appropriate disinfection. Following original manufacturer of PPE and regulatory guidance is important. Technologies deployed in the US, and for deployment in the Republic of Ireland, are eco-friendly, namely vaporised hydrogen peroxide (VHP), such as for filtering facepiece respirators and UV irradiation and High-level liquid disinfection (Actichlor+) is also been pursed in Ireland. Safeguarding supply chain of PPE will sustain vital healthcare provision and will help reduce mortality.BACKGROUND Throughout China, during the recent epidemic in Hubei province, frontline medical staff have been responsible for tracing contacts of patients infected with coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19). This study aimed to investigate the psychological impact and coping strategies of frontline medical staff in Hunan province, adjacent to Hubei province, during the COVID-19 outbreak between January and March 2020. MATERIAL AND METHODS A cross-sectional observational study included doctors, nurses, and other hospital staff throughout Hunan province between January and March 2020. The study questionnaire included five sections and 67 questions (scores, 0-3). The chi-squared <U+03C7>² test was used to compare the responses between professional groups, age-groups, and gender. RESULTS Study questionnaires were completed by 534 frontline medical staff. The responses showed that they believed they had a social and professional obligation to continue working long hours. Medical staff were anxious regarding their safety and the safety of their families and reported psychological effects from reports of mortality from COVID-19 infection. The availability of strict infection control guidelines, specialized equipment, recognition of their efforts by hospital management and the government, and reduction in reported cases of COVID-19 provided psychological benefit. CONCLUSIONS The COVID-19 outbreak in Hubei resulted in increased stress for medical staff in adjacent Hunan province. Continued acknowledgment of the medical staff by hospital management and the government, provision of infection control guidelines, specialized equipment and facilities for the management of COVID-19 infection should be recognized as factors that may encourage medical staff to work during future epidemics.
